hey YouTube Amendola pom here also known
as dragon will scroll covering this
event here at cool stuff games part of
duality tournament Alvaro Gonzalez
versus Leroy battles and this is going
to be a very narrow match so Alvaro
opens and we use the temporary cards of
those deck and grab gelling dealer
because that is a really good hard to
have in the mirror match and only thing
like real run it over is a Hyperion
artificial of play now these guys are
doing the stakes of a pot of duality the
loser here in the semi-finals leaves
with a ultimate soul morning and the
winner goes on with a guarantee pot of
duality and a chance at getting to pot
of duality doubling that amount so here
Alvaro activates dimensional Alchemist
really painful monster going to tell
this deck and is that's too bad res and
passes as Leroy goes summons Eunice and
it gets silent warning
now
Alberto activates Venus grabbing a
mystical shine back and that's when
earlier chains Toronto tribute and of
course the charge gonna let you finish
but there's this great mechanic and you
yo called priority and your home so has
it Alvaro passes priority though even
though the judge aw course insinuated
that you definitely can activate penis
before your point response had no
response so remember to X your opponent
if they accidentally priority before you
chain because if he changed Trent or
Alvaro consumption said well I'm
activating my Venus's chain link 1 and
bringing out a shingle on others and
face me where I've meets called hunted
and algorithm to this is it passing on
to Leroy we were a sudden symmetrel
Alchemist and Mills absolutely anything
that he was a celestial transformation
which saw some of the background players
or making commentaries on that I suppose
it's a personal preference tech choice
but again as a mentor life amidst such
as swinging for 18 but not doing my job
over a soulless Hyperion and we're I
goes
your monster I'm going to warning
however sensei passes and we really best
tornadoes on entries we remove the top
card is declan play removing from play
at the virtual prison for his dementia
outfit there are swings hits the giant
eel and sexy glasses alvaro passes Leroy
goes remove the top part of his deck
from play Oh lookie remove the dl that's
great anyways he summons birdman sinkers
into trish and that's when al guru stops
it with Harold orange light using up the
last two cards in his hand there
activates motherboard for game targeting
master Hyperion and we move on to game
two alvaro opens grabbing a venusaur
thought of duality
alvaro summons Thunder King Rio sets to
and passes on em face alvaro blind MST
is a solemn judgment alvaro attempts to
pot of duality while the teachings on
the field and the judges like uh ah so
he ends up so many Venus paying 500 for
shine ball and paying another 500 for
Shambo tking shuts down a lot of things
in this Dec shuts down the agents shuts
on Hyperion and it's bigger than
anything you can basically hard summon
in that deck aside from Jupiter and you
need the proper great dorset it for
Jupiter so it does do a lot of damage to
that day and Alvarez swings directly for
16 after to King runs over a facedown
shine Bowl their drawers sets and passes
a borough of sets swing with teaching
again and never set and then swing
unless you want to run of them all in
Josh grip he swings for 1600 and passes
and of course we have this thing called
main base 2 and it's a nice thing to
utilize in this game because you never
know what your opponent might have back
row and it's good to set your
investments after you figure out what's
really going on in the field
we ride to our kohls clearing the field
guess what about pesky to him and he
just wanted his random back row hitting
the warning alvaro finally activates
that dead duality and reveals the top
three cards he grabs Jupiter and puts
back that torrential and dl he sets
summons Jupiter again wrong order but
gets that swing out then passes on to
Leroy Leroy sets and passes however most
from Hyperion and Leroy chains this
election and alvaro chains seven tools
going on the game three Leroy opens with
a earth of course standard opening grabs
of Venus and this is very commonly seen
in faerie deaths know the reason why T
thing is so good it makes that card
extremely add many passes
el burro goes and a seer and a back row
hitting an MST sets three summons d out
and then swings into a mirror force Lyra
goes summoning Venus and alvaro change
torrential on the summit of the roof
shiny ball player sets one and passes
alvaro dualities and reveals not very
useful cards in this situation and he
grabs the MST which is really the only
active thing out of those other two
cards and he hits a book away with it
Leroy's summons a Jupiter and at 8,000
Alvaro solemn warnings it which I don't
know why because honestly that's just
feeding the graveyard for hyperion which
were actually ironically going to see
right now the aplenty of Life Points to
spare to take the hit from that but
instead Leroy's summons the Hyperion
removes to pop the back row which was a
seven tools and swings directly for 27
but we'll see why alvaro warning that
Jupiter in a second because he
absolutely had nothing in his hand to
get rid of that Jupiter anytime soon and
concedes defeat when he reveals those
two Hyperion and then his big three Lyra
is going to move on to the finals of the
chance of getting an extra duality and
alvaro leaves the duel with a solemn
warning ultimate